these are the consequences of Israeli
air strikes on an apartment building in
zaa andat in central Gaza the mor at a
shua hospital is packed a piece of paper
stuck to a blanket will identify her as
she is
buried outside is more did piled up in
an
ambulance not far away at a remal school
a boy sets
stopping the school building was
showered with missiles my family was
killed they were all killed all those in
the classroom were burned to death in
the north at least 10 people were killed
in a strike on a residential building in
Gaza City the bodies were taken to a
shifa hospital it used to be Goda
largest medical facility but barely
functions now
the UN says about 14 hospitals
throughout the strip remain operational
but only
barely Aid is a trickling into Gaza but
it's not enough to sustain life
especially in the north where people are
digging up water
pipe we get water here once every 15
days we use it for bathing and cooking
for cooking we must boil it and firewood
as we don't have gas the water pressure
is very weak and the water is dirty our
children are sick their teeth are eroded
from the dirty water their hair is
falling
out by wheel borrow and bucket they have
to take what they can
get we are full of diseases from this
water it's definitely not drinkable why
should we drink it and everyone is
seeing this why are they ignoring us
aren't we human
beings Palestinian medical students Abu
had is one of those fors to head south
in The Exodus from khun towards RAF she
and her four siblings scratch out a
living among the thousand of displaced
people I hope I can find anything under
the rubble when we go back I also hope
to go back to my university to the
simple old days for now my future is
destroyed our lives are destroyed even
if the war ends how many years will it
take us to recover
there is a sadness behind the smiles
with the uncertainty of the future
weighing heavily on her and so many
others hanim Mahmud Al jaaz Raf in
southern
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer